1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML is used to show meaning in the mark-up language 
2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used as a mark-up language 
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is something given to an element to give it characteristics or properties such as height or width. 
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 tag is used to show the most important text. we should only use it once 
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a href 
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <div>
7. What is an id? 
    a specific elemnt 
8. What elements can I add an id to?
    header, tag, div, style 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once 
10. What is a class? 
    a class is something that we can use to identify more than one element
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
   Sections, divs, title
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Unlimited 
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
<a href=”#”>
 14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
Alternative info for an unseen image 
 15. How do I reference an id?
#
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
a section is used to group specific content together, where a div doesn’t really have meaning but can be used within elements like classes and titles 
17. What is CSS used for? 
Presentation of the webpage 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
#h2
 19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
a class can have multiple identities, where an id can only have one. You could use a class to group together multiple changes that you want to make with text. Or you could us an id if you only wanted to select one specific element 

 20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.(characteristic)
 21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
 22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
A parent child selector is a selector that selects all the elements of the parent that are directed to the child. This would be useful is we have different names that we want to give colors to, but they have multiple names in the html description. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
#sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A selector that selects elements in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-spacing:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter-spacing :
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Text-tranform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div. element{ border: 1px dotted solid black;}
29. How do I select everything on the page?

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* */
 31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
cd
 32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
  33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Rm, be careful with this because after you remove it you cannot get it back
 34. Why should I use version control? 
It is easier to connect code with people as well as communicate and edit. 
 35. How often should I commit to github?
Whenever I finish a step 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push. 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
Create own repo- fork
Add TL as collaborator 
Clone repo 
Create own branch (git checkout –b ‘first-last)
Submit project to branch 
Use own fork as base 
Add team lead to review project 
Tl will then count hw and merge back to student fork.
